are you ready to see the best and the
worst products that I tried this month
uh stay tuned hello my friends welcome
to my favorites and fails countdown this
is where I count down from the worst
product I tried this month at number 10
all the way up to the best product then
I tried this month this countdown by the
way was inspired by Cassie from thrift
thick she does a little countdown
pyramid thing and I was like whoa that's
cool but I can't copy her so let me see
if I can do something that's kind of
similar but not exactly the same thing I
will link Cassie's channel down below
but just so you know that's where I got
this idea from I did not think of it on
my own
alright let's go ahead and jump into the
worst product that I tried this month
oh this is the only one that kind of
breaks the rules I technically tried
this in October but I couldn't find it
but it was so mad at this product I had
to bring it in for November this is the
it says eb-5 skincare that works daily
repairing eye cream firms and
moisturizes reduces dark circles okay so
I can't tell you whether this works or
not I can't and the reason why I can't
is because it freaks me out now that
have been doing ingredient analysis on a
lot of my videos I now really really
trust products when they say don't do
this with the product I listen because I
know there's a reason behind it so this
one says for this eye cream it says it
is clinically proven to smooth and
soften deep and fine lines with visible
results within one week and they do say
that it is hypoallergenic it's paraben
free gluten free no irritants or harsh
chemicals I mean all this great stuff
but I'm like yes and then I oh I look
here in assist directions use morning
and night by gently patting a small
amount around the eye area avoid eyes
lids and lash line discontinue of
irritation occurs it's the eye cream and
it says to avoid the eyes so what I'm
assuming this is for is for the under
eye area but you're not supposed to get
it near your eyes near your actual eyes
and I'm sorry if I have an eye cream I
need to be able to get in here my eyes I
I'm not moving on to number
this is a product that just simply did
not work I got this at generation beauty
and unfortunately it didn't work for me
this is the super BB insta ready hashtag
it's already by Physicians Formula
and it's like this weird little contour
stick I'm going to roll it up for you so
you can see what the deal is with it it
is it's got the dark and then the medium
and the light and what you're supposed
to do is just take this and rub it along
your face and then you're supposed to
blend it in okay so I'm gonna do a
little demo of how this works so I'm
gonna put it like this the way that I
would put it on my face like that and
you can see it makes a strip there and
I'm gonna pull you up real close so you
can see how this blends
you
so as you can see the highlight blends
away and the deeper shades kind of blend
into each other if you try to blend
these out a little bit more what will
happen is they will either blend away or
either either way you're not gonna see
any separation between the tones if
you've tried this one before though and
you've gotten it to work feel free leave
suggestions in the comments below I'd be
happy to read them and try it again
number eight is a product from tarped as
you may know tart has reformulated their
lip paints they did give this to me I
generation Beauty in San Francisco and
this is in the shade vibin by the way I
have to tell you I like the original
formula better I didn't hate the
original formula I know there were a lot
of people that didn't like it that said
it bled outside the lip line and I
didn't use the deeper shades so I can
only speak to the lighter shades like I
have the one that bunny made the Texas
toast one and then I have namaste and I
think I have one more but it's like
they're more natural-looking colors and
this one is a very bold one and I heard
the bold ones for the creamier version
kind of bled a little bit and they were
a little messy to deal what they never
quite dried down things like that but I
really really really disliked their new
formula and I didn't really just like
the old one it just says tardis lip
paint and it dries down to an
uncomfortable level it's very
uncomfortable it's to the point where I
just can't I can't wear it by itself I
have to put on some kind of lip balm
because it's so incredibly uncomfortable
it feels heavy it doesn't feel good and
then it gives you but whole lip and I
don't know if you've never if you've
never seen bought whole lip you have to
check out Victoria da nuts video cuz
she's the one that introduced me to this
concept of butthole lip I will link
Victoria's channel down below and it's
just when your lips when you put on a
liquid lipstick and your lips get so dry
that they crack and they look like a
butthole it's what it comes down to and
I just really it's just so incredibly
drawing and it feels horrible I really
don't like the Stila ones I know some of
you really love the Stila ones I don't
like the Stila ones because they're too
drying for me this one's even drier than
the Stila ones so this one's a big no
for me next up on the countdown is an
eyeliner fail this is the
Iko that's where I draw the line I do
liquid eyeliner or I don't know if it's
the I do liquid liner that's where I
draw the line I don't know which order
they go in because it's all written on
gotta rotate it now no but anyway it's
supposed to be a waterproof flash
enhancing carbon black eyeliner I can
tell you that the tip is okay it is a
marker tip it's a little bit thicker
than my favourite ones but it's not
super thick draws a beautiful line very
very black and it works very well my big
problem with this is if you're not
watching through the day your wings like
if you accidentally go like this your
wing is gonna be reaching to your
temples or you realize that that's what
happened to me is it my wing just kind
of went whoa and it just kind of wood
and everywhere and it was horrible and I
was like oh this is going in the fail
section this is not where I want it to
be so yeah this is definitely a no just
because it doesn't dry down to the point
where it's not going to smear or smudge
and I every time I've worn this I look
like a hot mess halfway through the day
and no one told me it's like when you
got a booger sticking out of your nose
and nobody tells you it's like if my
eyeliner is mushy on the sides just tell
me so I can fix it telling me walk
around and look at all lopsided like I'm
gonna fly sideways like mom like it just
it's not a cute look it's not a cute
look so I do not trust this eye liner I
don't recommend you trust it and yeah
I'm gonna get rid of this one if you
don't do a wing then you might be able
to get away with it
just because it might stay on your lash
line better if you're less likely to rub
your eyes but for me this is a huge no
another product from Tarte that I
received from a subscriber who wanted me
to review it this is the TARDIS Pro
palette and this is not a bad palette
like I said in the video I don't find it
to be a bad palette but I find it to be
a very boring palette it um it just
doesn't do it for me you know what I
wish they had done with this palette I
wish that they had knocked out some of
these mid-tone shades moved this over
and given us more of this beautiful
fantastic shimmer like these guys are
wonderful they're glorious I also went
to link my full review down below
another thing I pick on is that these
are not duo Chrome's
except for this bottom one named trendy
but I mean the the maps do tend to muddy
together if you're not careful it's not
an easy palette to work with and to me
it's just relatively borings if you have
a lot of texture on your lids you may
really enjoy this because it is an all
matte palette pretty much and then you
can add that little bit of shimmer if
you want to it's not terrible it works
but it's not easy and it's not fun so
therefore that is why it's so low down
on my countdown this month all right
right smack dab in the middle is a brand
new product also from Physicians Formula
and this is the butter blush I did
purchase this they had a sale on altos
like a flash sale I found out about it
from my community on what's of a makeup
Facebook page and they they mention it
and I was like okay I'm jumping on it
cuz I always wanted to buy the butter
bronzer and I never have and they would
the deal was if you bought a butter
bronzer you got the new butter blush for
free so that's what I did I got it
it does smell exactly like the butter
bronzer and I have been really enjoying
the butter bronzer I'm wearing that kind
of here today a little bit of that and I
really like that a lot this blush it's
just the wrong shade to start with I
wish that they had started with one that
was about five shades deeper than this I
kept the shimmer it's got a lot of
shimmer in it and it's a beautiful peach
shade but it's just too stinkin light
and it's just not it's not functional as
a blush for me it is a beautiful
highlight though and that's why it's in
the middle because I do feel like the
highlight is gorgeous lasting power is
pretty good lasts me about six hours or
so before significant fading but overall
I mean I really do like it as a
highlight but as a blush it's just not
pigmented not pink not that's not
pigmented but it's not a deep enough
shade in order to show up on me I can't
imagine this showing up on anybody any
deeper than me you're talking about like
those light and porcelain people are the
only ones that are probably gonna be
able to see color out of this I know I
can't really see color on my cheek so
I want to love it more hopefully they
come out with more shades now we're
getting into the products that I very
much enjoyed this is the NYX love
contours all palette again I got this a
generation Beauty in San Francisco from
NYX and I really enjoy this I have been
loving it this shade right here I've
been loving the most for contour I
haven't used every single shade in here
I've used the eyeshadows as an eyeshadow
look once and I've really been playing
with the bronzers and the highlights
this highlight is really pretty it's got
a pink undertone to it this one I tried
to mix here to get a contour but I found
that with my skin tone I really only
need this one but I love that they've
created this palette with this range of
shades for you so that you can anybody
of any skin tone is going to be able to
work with this any skin color any skin
tone any eye color I mean they've got
these Purple's in here that are really
beautiful did a really nice job with
this palette sometimes NYX has these
hits that are like yes that's what I'm
talking about that's what I'm trying to
say sometimes NYX have some products
from like what were you thinking but
this is a good one I really like this
one a lot the bomb was back on HauteLook
in a late October I believe so I got my
shipment in November so I've got a
couple products from the bonk coming up
this is the first one this is the
instant
blush I have tried insane blushes before
I have a few more but this one this
shade is new to me it's called pinstripe
oh it's so pretty
it's so pretty and you would think that
somebody of my skin's home would not be
able to pull this off but it's pretty
it's really pretty it's this gorgeous
plum shade and it's perfect for coming
in you know look gives you that coming
in from the cold kind of flush and it's
so beautiful and I and the lasting power
on this is all good I really have no
complaints but I have no complaints
about the rest of the things in the
count own so I had to put it somewhere
and I just love this I wish that it was
less expensive at the full price I guess
I can kind of nitpick there but you do
get a lot of product in here you get six
point five grams of product which is a
lot so I am just oh I love this and yeah
I did purchase this yes I did I got a
bunch of stuff from the balm at
generation Beauty again but this is one
thing that I did purchase from HauteLook
before I went
the event you get the bomb at Kohl's but
definitely watch out for them on
HauteLook because that's where you can
get them 50% off they also have 50% off
flash sales so definitely keep an eye on
the makeup minute for those because I
love the bomb so much as soon as I find
out about one of those they will be in
the makeup minute because I am obsessed
with the ball I've been really digging
on indie brands lately I've been kind of
getting disenchanted with some of the
bigger brands and I've been really
trying to get into some of these indie
brands so I decided to try some products
from Shiro cosmetics I will link them
down below it is SH iro cosmetics I did
purchase these with my own money they
don't know I'm making this video none of
these brands know I'm making this video
I'm not sponsored by any of these people
so Shiro cosmetics has some Harry Potter
themed products and I could not pick
which one I wanted to include so I
included both of these I did get quite a
few products but these were my favorites
this is the Felix Felicis
lip gloss and then this is the
butterbeer lip gloss and this one smells
so good it smells like butter beer it's
got like a caramel buttery butterscotchy
kind of scent it is quite strong it is a
little bit plasticky but I really like
this it feels great on the lips it is
just a gloss it's not really hydrating
but it feels nice gives you a nice shine
there really is no color to it but it's
just a fun product and it just makes me
happy in my heart and then the Felix
felicitous if you don't know if you'll
explicit it's the luck potion that is in
Harry Potter and what I'm gonna do is
I'm just gonna go ahead and put this on
for you even though it doesn't go with
look I got going on today I'm going to
show you what it does to a lip product
the lip products I'm wearing today are
an indie brand but they're actually an
Etsy brand but I haven't fully like
tried them yet so I'm not mentioning
them yet but let me put this over top
just you can see how it transforms
see how it gives just like that extra
dimension of color it's just really
beautiful and really fun to play with
and the fact that it's Harry
potter-themed again it just makes me
happy in my heart and it's just a fun
product to play with it isn't opaque on
its own don't don't expect like that Pat
McGrath gold lip thing it's not gonna
happen but it is a really nice topper
for other lip products and finally at
number one another product from the bomb
the bomb overshadow eyeshadows I did not
buy these for the longest time they've
been out forever but it said overshadow
and I knew that they were going to be
shimmery and sparkly and I was like well
I don't really want an overshadow I'm
not my shadow to be opaque you know and
just the name threw me off I thought it
was just gonna be like a glitter topper
and just wasn't interested only I broke
down I was like you know what I don't
only these I want to try them so I
bought some and man are they amazing I'm
so excited about them so the pet first
of all the packaging is super cute and
they are just so opaque and fun like if
you like that glittery sparkly like a
foiled enough oil but like that really
bright bold glittery look on your eyes
it's perfect for that it's great for a
halo eye where you want the center of
your lid to pop and then kind of muting
out and darkening the inner and outer
corners it's beautiful for that I got
the shades no money no honey and work is
overrated and they're both fantastic I
really really really want more of these
because they're so good and lasting
power is really good a little bit of
fall out through the day like a little
bit of glitter or fall but not much at
all like I'm right now I'm wearing the
Too Faced the white chocolate chip
palette glittered fallout city these
even as mineral eye shadows with glitter
in them do not have the kind of Fallout
that like the Too Faced palette does so
really really impressed with them and
super super happy so that's it for the
countdown for this month I hope you
enjoyed it if you did definitely make
sure you share with a friend who you
think will also enjoy it hit the
subscribe button if you're not already
subscribed and hit the bell if you want
to be notified when I make a new video
it's right next to the subscribe button
it should be down there but if you're on
like an eye
pad it maybe over there but it's like a
little bell and it's really cool because
then you get notified when I make new
videos and you make sure you don't miss
any so I want to thank you again so much
for watching and mad love and I'll see
you soon
[Music]